## MATe: Multiagent Architecture for Taming e-Devices

In recent years, an explosive growth has been observed in the use of wireless devices, mainly due to the decrease in cost, size, and energy consumption. Researches in the Internet of Things (IoT) have focused on how to continuously monitor these devices in different scenarios, such as vehicle, weather, and biodiversity tracking, considering both scalability and efficiency while searching and updating their information. For this, current alternatives use a combination of a widely recognized method, called data aggregation, and a widely adopted distributed structure, called Distributed Hash Table (DHT), which minimize the number of transmissions and save energy. However, scalability is still a key challenge when the group comprises a large number of devices. 

In this paper, we propose MATe, a scalable architecture for discovering and for updating the location for a group of devices. Negotiation and autonomy are capabilities explored by the proposed architecture. In that, a multiagent layer was built above the device layer to deal with scalability while maintaining the efficiency of current alternatives. In such a layer, each agent has a goal to improve the global scalability. For this, we added capabilities to an agent for negotiating mergings with other agents, for perceiving if it is necessary to create new agents, and for monitoring the behavior of devices it is responsible.

The paper presented in AAMAS 2017 can be found [here](https://github.com/AgentPeer/mate/blob/master/MateAAMAS2017.pdf) and the poster [here](https://github.com/AgentPeer/mate/blob/master/PosterMateAAMAS2017.pdf).
